.TH ASKILL 1 "January 2026" "askill" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
askill \- install and manage agent skills across harnesses
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B askill
.RI [ options ]
.PP
.B askill config
.RI [ --init ]
.RI [ -e | --edit ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
askill installs SKILL.md based skills into supported harnesses.
Running
.B askill
without options opens the interactive TUI installer.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-repo " " \fIPATH\fR
Path to skills repo (defaults to current directory).
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-project " " \fIPATH\fR
Project path for project-local installs.
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-copy
Copy files instead of symlink.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-symlink
Force symlink mode.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Print version and exit.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help.
.SH CONFIG COMMAND
.TP
.B askill config
Print the current config and its path.
.TP
.B \-\-init
Create the config file with defaults if it does not exist.
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-edit
Open the config file in $EDITOR or $VISUAL (falls back to vi).
.SH CONFIG FILE
Config file path:
.IR ~/.config/askill/config.toml
.PP
Allowed options:
.TP
.B skill-repo-path
Where to read skills from. Accepted values:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
.B bundled
Use the bundled Homebrew-installed skills (default when available).
.IP \(bu 2
.B cwd
Use the current working directory.
.IP \(bu 2
Absolute or relative path to a repo containing a
.B skills/
folder.
.IP \(bu 2
GitHub repo URL or
.B owner/name
shorthand, which will be cloned to a temporary directory.
.RE
.TP
.B project-choice
Default project selection in the TUI. Accepted values:
.BR skip ", " cwd ", " custom .
.TP
.B project-path
Project path to use when
.B project-choice
is
.BR custom .
.TP
.B install-mode
Default install mode. Accepted values:
.BR symlink " or " copy .
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Initialize config:
.PP
.nf
askill config --init
.fi
.PP
Set config (example):
.PP
.nf
skill-repo-path = "https://github.com/mbtz/agent-skills"
project-choice = "skip"
project-path = ""
install-mode = "symlink"
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR askill (1)
